You don't have the right to refuse me, do you?
What do you want to do?
I am a popular flower
I have a in-law family as a backer for me
Clean up a helpless little doctor like you
Easy
Then why don't you send it?
It's not easy to clean you up
But take care of your son
More than enough
Why are you still so mean?
You're welcome. Let's go.
Just say it
I heard that you and the actor have been very close recently
The friend you play is my friend
So I thought I'd get to know you today.
I'd love to know
What is your relationship with the actor?
I have been by my side all these years
You are the first woman I met at the Hakutodate
Since you've been with her for so many years
Why haven't I married you?
How are you? Oh, I heard.
We've been in love for a long time
It's hard to get married
I see your marriage is hanging